Welcome the Empress to Fengxi Banquet
I will not be the same body
Why wouldn't you?
I don't change either.
I must have underestimated my wife
He must have something to do with the empress
Zhao Linglong pretended to be me and has been in charge of the northward advance to shock and deter the enemy at the border. Why did the enemy country come to the Central Plains?
Could it be that something big happened beyond his control?
Get up
Seen the empress
I am the commander of Jizhou, the nine-star god of war, Emperor Shi Xia Qing
Format Lady
What is this Ye Linghan's relationship with you?
How dare you misuse your dowry
And it is still a Xuanwu City
I have nothing to do with this Ye Linghan
But I owe Chen Bufan a favor
I gave him a city
As a congratulatory gift for the newlyweds
Do you have an opinion?
Isn't Ye Linghan the empress?
How is that possible?
The empress wants Chen Bufan to be the empress's husband
It was also the arrangement that Ye Linghan made to advocate a temporary uprising
Everything is my order
You are questioning me
dare not dare
Thanks a lot.
Whether Xuanwu City is my wife's unauthorized opinion
Or the empress's order
This gift is too expensive
I won't borrow it
What the hell if someone can refuse a city
And it's still Xuanwu City
Are you sure that without this city, there is no Beijing for the exam?
As far as I know
In your current situation
Soon you will have nothing
How can there be nothing?